[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: One of
my favorite publications
is Popular Mechanics
these days, and that's
because they're diving right
into the center of the UFO issue
and consciousness itself.
Meanwhile, other media
only pay lip service
to the existence of other
civilizations, which
has led activist Attorney
Daniel Sheehan to begin
taking real action
toward public disclosure.
Good to see you again, Danny.
>>DANIEL SHEEHAN: Terrific.
Great, Regina.
It's good to be here again.
>>REGINA: So much going
on right now, right now.
>>SHEEHAN: There is.
>>REGINA: And you know, I had a
whole conversation planned out.
We'll get to some
of it, but I want
to tell a tiny little
story about you and I, just
for people to set this up.
I met you.
I was at the International
UFO Congress.
And that was in Laughlin,
Nevada for many, many years.
And someone was speaking.
I must not have been
interested, nor were you,
and I were sitting on a park
bench next to the river,
and no one else was out
there, and I happened
to be on that park bench.
We started chatting,
and you told me--
I said something about President
Bush, who had been elected--
had just been elected.
You said, Well, you don't think
you actually have a say in that,
do you?
And I thought, what
are you speaking of?
That is so jaded.
And you said, No, these
things are actually
done well in advance.
And you said, For
example, John Kerry
was going to become the
presidential candidate in 2004.
So this was 2001, we met.
And I thought, how
do you know that?
And you said, This stuff
is done behind the scenes.
And I felt--
I was intrigued, certainly,
but I was very disheartened.
Sure enough, 2004 comes, and
there we have John Kerry.
But I started noticing how
the media manipulated it
from the very beginning
to make sure that he
was going to get it from a
popular point of view as well.
In that matrix, how
do these things work?
You say it's pre-selected.
They just have to
manipulate the public
to go a certain direction?
>>SHEEHAN: Well, yes.
I mean, some of
the things are very
clear is that the general
population is basically up
until they had primaries, the
Democratic National committee
and Republican National
Committee, respectively,
chose who the candidates
were going to be,
and they're the ones that
set up the debates, following
the original 1960 debate.
And they would hone
the list of people
that are going to be allowed
to be on the debate stage,
and that they--
>>REGINA: Limit perception.
>>SHEEHAN: And as
you know, they end up
feeding the questions
ahead of time to the person
that they want to
be the nominee.
And so that manipulation, that
Machiavellian manipulation
was going on with both
of the political parties.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: And I knew,
as early as 1986,
that John Kerry was lined up to
get to be the candidate later.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SHEEHAN: And I talked
to Tip O'Neill about it.
I talked to Claiborne
Pell about it.
And that's how I
recommended John Kerry
to be the head of the
Special Select Committee
to investigate the
Iran-Contra stuff.
>>REGINA: OK.
So you knew he was
already being positioned
to be in a position of power?
>>SHEEHAN: Well, the
quote from Tip O'Neill,
he said, look, you've shown
me all your complaint.
You've got here the federal
criminal racketeering complaint
against the
off-the-shelf enterprise.
I need you to go over
and meet with Claiborne
Pell on the Senate side.
Tip was the Speaker of
the House at the time.
So I wanted you to go over
and meet with Claiborne
on the Senate
side, because he is
the ranking member of the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee,
and they're going
to be the ones that
are going to have to
have a special Select
Committee to study this stuff
that you're talking about.
Now, when you go there,
and you tell them
you want the Select
Committee appointed,
if we win the Senate back.
And this is in November of '86.
He said, You tell him.
He's going to ask
you, Who do you
think should chair
that Select Committee?
>>REGINA: And you said--
>>SHEEHAN: You should tell it.
He said, Tip O'Neill, you
should tell him, John Kerry.
>>REGINA: John Kerry.
>>SHEEHAN: He said
he loves John Kerry.
He said, we kid
him that John Kerry
must be his illegitimate son.
He said-- so he
thinks John Kerry is
going to be president someday.
I said to Tip, I said,
Well, that's interesting
because so does John Kerry.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>SHEEHAN: He laughed then.
And so we knew all
the way then, I
knew that John Kerry shut
down that investigation.
And that's how he got
to be the nominee.
>>REGINA: So this begs
a much larger question
on all of it-- all of it.
How much is preordained by
hidden hands versus the public's
actual enthusiastic
participation.
Because it seems like it's
just a pure manipulation.
>>SHEEHAN: Well, this is
a challenge, actually,
of the American
Educational system.
We've got to educate our
students to actually participate
as citizens.
Most people don't.
They don't even vote until
a presidential election.
They don't even vote in
the interim elections,
a lot of people.
The voting rate
falls way below 50%
in the non-presidential
election years.
And you get up around 52%, 53%.
62% is the highest
we've ever had.
And that was with Obama.
>>REGINA: So you think
if we were actually
critically thinking, informed
people, that our presence would
make a difference?
>>SHEEHAN: Well,
it's interesting.
That's the right question.
It would, at least, exhaust all
of our administrative remedies,
as we say, that we would
have made our best effort.
And then we'd have the
people in a position
where with a little
bit more oomph
on the thing over
a particular issue,
you can really drive it home.
Because the particular
elected representatives,
once you establish a
linkage into all 435
congressional
districts, that's what
we're doing right now in
the New Paradigm Institute.
We're setting up full teams in
all 435 congressional districts.
And that way, they
have the ability
to unseat a particular person
in the House or Senate.
That's what the people, the
elected leaders are afraid of.
>>REGINA: Yeah, of
course, they are.
>>SHEEHAN: And of course,
the elected leaders,
the problem is, they are
also being dictated to.
And so that they've got-- we've
got to give them the ability
to say to the people to
whom they answer, look,
I had to do it.
I had to do this, because my
people would have unelected me.
And I wouldn't be here to
do what you need me to do.
>>REGINA: OK, so
let's talk about that.
So you just said,
so those people
at the top, those elected
leaders, are told by others.
So that's where I wanted
to go in this conversation
at some point is, the
whole hidden hand thing.
I mean, we're sick of it.
We feel it.
It's tyrannical.
We don't want it
anymore as humans,
but don't know the faces,
don't know the names,
don't know who's
controlling what,
just that it is being-- this
reality is being controlled.
So now one of the things
you're trying to do,
which has been very tightly
controlled, is not--
beyond disclosure, really,
but full-on real disclosure,
starting to go
back to real cases
that were documented that the
government is fully aware of.
And this is something
that is happening now,
that these there's going to be
this release of information,
regarding our government's
interaction with craft and space
entities, ETs.
>>SHEEHAN: Yes.
>>REGINA: And you
are part of this,
and you've been part of this
whole thing with the New York
Times and TikTok and
that whole thing.
So let's talk about
where you are,
where you're trying
to take all of this,
and we'll get into some of
the juicy anecdotal stuff
along the way.
>>SHEEHAN: Well, the
key is, as I mentioned,
that we've established a
New Paradigm Institute.
This is the Romero
Institute, which
are the ones that are the
progeny of the Christic
Institute.
The Christic Institute is what
we set up out of Washington, DC,
back in 1980.
And we did the Karen
Silkwood case--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SHEEHAN: --ended
up shutting down
the facility from which they
were smuggling bomb grade
plutonium to Israel
for their weapons.
We did the Iran-Contra case.
We shut down the weapons supply,
the covert weapons supply
that was being
brought to the Contras
by the Reagan-Bush people.
We've done a number of these.
We're the ones that
stopped them from pumping
all the radioactive
effluents out
of the Three-Mile Island
facility into the Susquehanna
River.
So we pushed that
as far as we could,
with Chris Dick
and George HW Bush,
when he got elected in
1992 for a second term.
Because we'd been working with
Ross Perot, and Ross Perot
came into the 1992
election, as you recall,
and took 19% of the vote.
And all of it was basically
away from George Bush.
And so, actually, Bill Clinton
won the election with only 43%
of the popular vote.
So we've been involved,
intimately, in George Bush Sr.
because of that ordered the
IRS to revoke our Christic
Institute's 501(c)(3)
tax exempt charter.
>>REGINA: That's how
you go after people.
>>SHEEHAN: And so
that's how we then
set up the Romero Institute.
And the Romero
Institute are the ones
that have created this
New Paradigm Institute.
And what we're doing
is we're organizing,
in all 435 congressional
districts, the house districts,
teams of people who will go
to their local newspapers
and write letters
to the editor, get
on the local television, their
cable television stations,
and write letters to their
congressmen and senators.
That's what we're doing.
>>REGINA: To start getting the
ball rolling on true disclosure.
>>SHEEHAN: On true disclosure.
And the initial
issue in disclosure
is the UFO information and the
extraterrestrial information.
But disclosure-- the
Disclosure Project
is aiming for more
than just that.
It's also disclosing,
for example, the stuff
about the JFK assassination.
>>REGINA: We're going to get
into that in just a second.
>>SHEEHAN: That's exactly right.
>>REGINA: I definitely
want to go down there.
>>SHEEHAN: But major things
that have been covered up,
and they're being covered up by
a little cabal, a small cabal
of the people that you're
asking about is, who is it this?
>>REGINA: Who are they?
We all talk about the they.
Who are they?
>>SHEEHAN: Well,
actually, the tightest
link onto it that we've got
is an executive committee
of the International Sovereign
Order of the Knights of Malta.
>>REGINA: OK,
that's interesting.
>>SHEEHAN: There's a thing--
there's a thing called the Monte
Carlo Committee, which is
made up of about 6 to 8 men,
actually, at any given time.
There's, apparently,
a woman on it now.
But the bottom line is that
this is where it shakes down to,
when you track it all back.
>>REGINA: So extraordinarily
old wealth and influence.
>>SHEEHAN: Yes.
>>REGINA: And hidden
from public view,
so you never know
their identities,
but they have the
ability to call anyone.
>>SHEEHAN: They-- yeah.
They don't even call them.
They just push a button,
and the word goes out.
Yeah, as I say, that you track
through the different layers
of this, and it ends up
getting to a place like that.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SHEEHAN: The
first layer of this
is going to be the leadership of
an unacknowledged special access
Defense Department
program that's called
the Immaculate Constellation.
There's a group of
people that run that,
and they are answerable to a
group called the Legacy Group.
The Legacy Group is more
than just that one program,
but they oversee the UFO issue,
and they have overseen this.
It's the progeny
of the Majestic 12.
It's known about,
the magic group
that was assigned by
Truman in the modern era.
This started in December
of 1945, actually,
with the recovery of $1.2
trillion in gold bullion,
in silver bullion, and platinum
and big 50-gallon drums
of diamonds and rubies, and from
the Philippine Islands that were
put there by the Japanese when
they thought we were going to be
invading the Japanese islands.
This was a treasure that
had been put together
by a secret group in
the Japanese military,
leading up to World War II.
>>REGINA: So Hiroshita would
have been involved in that?
>>SHEEHAN: Yeah, Yakushima.
>>REGINA: Yakushima,
the military?
>>SHEEHAN: Yeah.
It was called the Golden Lily.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SHEEHAN: And
they're the ones that
gathered all of this treasure
together, all throughout Asia,
building up a massive war chest
for Japan, the Empire of Japan.
And when they knew that
the Germans had surrendered
in May of 1945, and we were
all-- the Allies were turning
their attention to the
islands and getting
ready to do the
invasion, they started
shipping this secret troughs
of gold out of there.
And there were 176
separate deep mine
shafts that were dug in
the Philippine Islands,
and they were buried.
Each one of them had $100
billion in gold and platinum
and silver and jewels.
>>REGINA: So they talk
about the recovery of that?
>>SHEEHAN: Yeah, but not-- all
they recovered was 12 of them.
And that was Ed Lansdale.
Ed Lansdale was
the G-2 in Manila,
back in December of 1945.
And what he did is
when he punched--
what he did is when
Yakushima turned himself in,
after the bombing of Hiroshima
and Nagasaki in August of 1945,
the Japanese surrendered.
And when Yakushima turned
himself in, what Lansdale did--
Ed Lansdale, the G-2, head of
army intelligence in Manila,
kidnapped his driver, who had
driven him around when they
buried these 176 treasures.
And they found 12 of
them from torturing him.
They punched one of
them and discovered
that it had the $100 billion
worth of gold and silver
and platinum and jewels, and
Ed Lansdale flew immediately
to Singapore to
meet with MacArthur,
who was the head of the
Pacific Theater at that time,
and told him what
they had found.
And MacArthur sent him,
that is, Ed Lansdale,
with MacArthur's G-2,
George Willoughby.
And they flew all the
way to Washington, DC,
to meet with Truman.
And the chief of
staff wouldn't let
them meet with him, unless they
told the chief of staff what
it was about.
That Chief of Staff
was Clark Clifford,
and they told him--
they had the meeting.
When Truman started
realizing that they
had gotten hold of $1.2
trillion in these 12 tranches,
that he called in
General Stilwell
the Secretary of War,
and his three deputies--
Robert Lovett, John Jay
McCloy, and Robert Anderson.
And Truman put these people
in charge of a secret trust
to control all of that money.
And they shipped it out
with US military transports
to the International Credit
Bank in Geneva, Switzerland,
and deposited it
there and then began
to write gold
certificates, issue gold
certificates from that bank,
which they used as bearer bonds.
And it became the source of
a major covert operation.
And they stopped the election
of any of the resistance--
the resistance fighters
against the Nazis and stuff,
the partisans,
because they perceived
them to be anti-fascist.
And they viewed that
as being socialist.
And so they were opposing.
So that's the very first one
of this little coven of group
that got put together.
>>REGINA: Now, so where
does the Legacy Group?
Do they come down
the road from that?
>>SHEEHAN: The
Legacy-- what happened,
that was in December of 1945.
Then, two years later, in
1947, with the Roswell crash
in July, what happened is
when they notified Truman
that they had recovered this
craft, which they brought
to the Wright
field at that time,
that Truman then convened
another group of people saying,
I've already done this with
regard to the secret treasure
that we have.
And he did the same thing again.
And he put together
this group that's
been referred to as
the Magic Group, MJ-12.
>>REGINA: MJ-12.
>>SHEEHAN: But this
has become the prodigy
of this-- this has
come down to be
this new group, this group
that is presently operating
called the Legacy Group, that
they are the legacy of magic.
And that group is
the one that oversees
the secrets about the
UFOs and the contact
with an extraterrestrial
civilization.
And this is the height of the
power inside the United States.
This has to do with the
unique United States power.
Now, this other group
that I'm talking about--
>>REGINA: What did
you call them again?
>>SHEEHAN: They actually called
the Monte Carlo Committee.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SHEEHAN: OK.
And this group runs
out through different--
there's a thing
called Le Circle--
Le Cirque, that there's--
what this is an
international fascist cabal
that they believe, pursuant
to the writings of Mussolini,
that the best
economic structure is
to have the major corporations
owned by private shareholders
and that the corporations
exercise control
over the elected governments.
And what they do is,
they get the governments
to put the instrumentalities
of the state
at the disposal of the
interests of the corporations,
and they believe that what's
good for General Motors is
good for the country.
They actually believe that.
So they have a certain
ideological and economic belief
that tracks all the way back
to Brown Brothers Harriman.
Brown Brothers
Harriman is the group
of the Robber Barons, the
Rockefellers and the E.H.
Harriman and the Du Ponts.
And you take, maybe 20
of the Robber Barons--
major Robber Barons,
and they became
private investors in
an investment group
called Brown Brothers
Harriman in New York City.
And this is the group that set
up at the end of World War I,
actually--
They set up a fund to create a
bank, called Union Bank of New
York, which set up a
foreign subsidiary up
in the Netherlands, called the
Bank of Shipping and Commerce.
They financed the construction
of the International
headquarters of the Third
Reich to set them up
as the bulwark
against Bolshevism
in Europe, to block the
socialists entry into Europe.
And this group at
Brown Brothers Harriman
turned their attention
westward, across the Pacific,
to overthrow the
Hawaiian Islands
and to take Guam and begin to
move into the Asian market.
This is a major
economic cabal that
believes in the kind of
fascist ideology of wedding
the interests of the
major corporations
to control the
instrumentalities of the state.
That's what we're
dealing with here.
>>REGINA: But it's global.
>>SHEEHAN: It's global.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SHEEHAN: But this one is
in was in the United States.
And what's happened is once
the United States got its hands
on the Roswell Craft,
and they realized
that this was a global issue,
that this had to branch out
and have representatives from
other major wealthy families
and corporations
around the world.
>>REGINA: At this
point, I have to ask,
what is it in-- why is
it in their interest
to see to it that
the population is
kept ignorant of these craft
and events and so forth?
>>SHEEHAN: Because the
control of the information
that is about the
UFO people, about
the extraterrestrial people.
These people in this elite
group that I'm talking about,
the human group, humans
that they're saying,
look at, have us be
your legates here.
Let us stay in control here.
>>REGINA: They're pleading
this to the people
or to whoever's above them?
>>SHEEHAN: To the ET people.
>>REGINA: The ET people.
>>SHEEHAN: That
we'll handle this.
We'll, in a certain
sense, be your colony,
and we'll handle this.
But you keep yourself secret.
We'll keep ourselves secret.
And what we'll do is, we'll
control the natural resources
on our planet.
And I think that what the bottom
line is that the ET people view
our Earth as being
extraordinarily important,
because our Earth is one of the
comparatively few planets that
gestates life, that
actually gestates life.
There's a biochemical
process that
goes on our planet
that gestates life.
It, obviously, happens
on other planets,
because there are other
intelligent species
in our galaxy.
But they're comparatively
rare in what they have to do.
They're interested in making
sure that we don't totally
destroy the planet,
that we don't blow up
the planet with
thermonuclear weapons.
That's why they began to
appear so prominently.
>>REGINA: I can
understand that, but why
do we need to remain ignorant
of them in those very messages?
>>SHEEHAN: Because it
would undermine the power
of the elite, if we knew--
>>REGINA: The human
elite, their minions.
>>SHEEHAN: That's right.
>>REGINA: They are overlords,
but they're minions.
>>SHEEHAN: Well, it's an
alliance-- it's an alliance.
From their point of view,
it's an intelligent alliance
to establish.
>>REGINA: It works for them.
>>SHEEHAN: And it
works for them.
And to the extent to
which the ET people are
more interested in
maintaining the sustainability
of our planet, the
generation of life,
because I believe that,
based on everything that I've
been told about
this, is that they
harvest life from our planet,
different types of plants
and fauna and flora
and human DNA.
And that they plant it
in other solar systems,
where there are planets that
are capable of sustaining life,
but they haven't
generated life yet.
And so this is an
extraordinarily valuable
resource, our planet.
Now, it doesn't
mean they're going--
>>REGINA: To be so
self-certain, that it's
keeping people in ignorance
is the only way to do that.
>>SHEEHAN: Well, that's
basically from our elite,
advising them,
saying, look, the best
way to do this is to have
us remain in control,
and we'll handle this part.
But the problem
is that they still
have their nationalist
dynamic of the nation
states being in competition
with each other-- the
US versus Russia, the US versus
China, China versus Russia.
Upon occasion,
India versus China.
And what they're driving at--
what they're driving
at, is trying
to figure out a way to establish
a one world government, which
is what we keep bumping into.
>>REGINA: We keep bumping
into over and over.
>>SHEEHAN: This whole process--
this whole process of
the World Economic Forum,
the United Nations, bringing it
together as a unified planetary
government so that
they can control it.
And this is-- I don't usually
get into this kind of detail,
but its important because
we're at a juncture
right now, where the newly
elected president, who
has promised to reveal
this information,
he's been out of the loop.
He should know better, but
he doesn't, because he hasn't
come up through the ranks.
He hasn't come up through being
an elected local representative
and come up through the ranks
to really get used to the fact.
And so he's been expressing
this distemper of the people
against being manipulated
by this elite.
And so that he now comes
into this situation,
where rather than being
elected as a surprise to him
and everybody else, when he
wasn't really ready for it,
he's gotten himself ready for it
now, and he's come into office.
And he has taken the
somewhat naive position.
I'm going to tell
everybody about this.
>>REGINA: But wait
a minute, that's
what all the other presidents
before him, almost all
of them in modern history,
have said the same thing.
They all want
access to the files.
They all want to be read in,
and they want to release it
and never do.
>>SHEEHAN: But all of them have
come up through the system.
They've all come up
through the system
of being elected governor in
either Georgia or Arkansas
or Texas.
And they've come up
through the structure.
So they've always
known that there
is this kind of--
there's an elite here,
that you can't cross them.
>>REGINA: But don't
they think they could?
I mean, that was
their stated goal.
>>SHEEHAN: No, they didn't--
they didn't realize that this
was such a vital
issue to the elite.
>>REGINA: Because I
mean, with Jimmy Carter
that whole thing about
Jimmy Carter being told,
I remember people talking about
that meeting where he was upset,
because they said, you, sir,
are not on a need-to-know basis.
>>SHEEHAN: That
was George HW Bush.
>>REGINA: I thought
that was Carter.
>>SHEEHAN: No, he was told-- he
told it, because he was the CIA
director.
>>REGINA: Yes, exactly.
>>SHEEHAN: But the thing
to remember is that--
so here, you have the elected
president of President Carter,
meeting with who?
The head of the Central
Intelligence, George HW Bush--
George Herbert Walker Bush.
If you go back to Brown
Brothers Harriman,
the CEO of Brown
Brothers Harriman
was George Herbert Walker.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SHEEHAN: OK?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SHEEHAN: That's George
Herbert Walker, whose
son-in-law was Prescott Bush.
OK?
And he's the grandfather
of George HW--
George Herbert Walker Bush.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SHEEHAN: So there's
a linkage here
of staying on top of this
information and the power.
But it wasn't until 1947
when they actually picked up
the craft and had the bodies.
And they knew that
this-- and since Truman
had already set up this
predecessor operation,
completely different.
Because of having
found the $1.2 trillion
in gold and silver and
stuff, that they set up
this covert program,
basically, an anti-socialist,
anti-communist, pro-capitalist,
pro-fascist alliance
at the end of the war, that
they had a template for this.
And so when they got the craft,
and Truman realized, saying,
holy mackerel, this is even
more important than the fact
that we have this $1.2
trillion in secret gold.
So I'm going to set up
something just like this.
Well, it turns out,
this is the top dog.
This is the ultimate
information to know.
>>REGINA: By the way,
anybody-- one read on it
is The Day After Roswell.
Lieutenant Colonel
Corso, he tells
a lot of details surrounding
that day and what was going on.
>>SHEEHAN: That's right.
>>REGINA: When the
information was
released to the various
industrial contractors
and military.
>>SHEEHAN: That's right.
And so that whole
thing ended up being,
look, let's get this
information to the corporations.
The corporations are--
>>REGINA: Better
engineer this stuff.
>>SHEEHAN: That's right.
And we're going to supervise
this entire process so that
the thing that's the hardest to
understand about this is that it
doesn't--
from at the origins, it doesn't
appear to be sinister to them.
It appears to be just
the smart thing to do,
because they believe that
they're better equipped
to govern.
They don't believe the regular
people are capable of governing.
>>REGINA: bermensch--
bermensch, right?
They believe-- they believe
have the abilities to manage
humanity.
>>SHEEHAN: They believe it.
And until we do
our job as citizens
to get people educated and
trained and willing to read
and do critical thinking.
>>REGINA: Critical thinking.
>>SHEEHAN: The problem is
there is some truth to that.
And that's the most
frightening thing.
>>REGINA: The most frightening.
But you know what?
We're showing it to be true.
We are not an educated populace.
>>SHEEHAN: No, no, I know.
And that's why--
>>REGINA: That's not cool.
>>SHEEHAN: That's why the
reason that the New Paradigm
Institute has been set up is
to break those rules, to get
the information to the people.
Because the state-run schools
aren't going to do it.
The privately funded elite
schools aren't going to do it.
So what we have to do is,
we have to have, basically,
a citizen uprising,
literally uprising--
rising up and being willing
to spend the time rather than
spend--
I mean, more people--
more people by factors of 100.
A hundred times more citizens
know who the National Football
Championship in college
was going to be,
than they know who the
Secretary of State is.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that's true.
>>SHEEHAN: OK?
And part of that is intentional.
>>REGINA: It is intentional.
>>SHEEHAN: This is bread and--
>>REGINA: Bread down.
>>SHEEHAN: --bread and
circuses, entertain the people.
And so what we've
got to do is have,
in my opinion,
spiritually driven,
not religiously institutional,
but a spiritually
driven movement to
lift up the people,
rise up, get the
people to listen,
pay attention, read, or see the
things that they need to see
and from an upward, positive,
forward movement, not furious,
not hostile.
Let's not all hang them,
have a French Revolution,
where we decapitate
all the ruling class.
But what we need to do is rise
up and share the information
with the people.
This needs to be a major
transition of getting
the information
to the people, not
dependent upon the
government to do it.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: But our
own direct activity,
getting the information,
establishing direct contact
with the extraterrestrial
people, saying,
look, you have chosen to align
with this elite fascist group
of corporate moguls
here on our planet.
That's not the best choice.
We have to demonstrate that
we merit an alliance with you,
as the people.
Our people need to be educated.
>>REGINA: No matter who
sits in that office, that
now, is what they have to do.
>>SHEEHAN: Yes.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SHEEHAN: And so we have to
pass the power to the people.
And we, as the people,
have to rise up
in merit, this type
of responsibility.
It's a tough job.
You need to pay more attention.
You can't go through-- you can't
go through life being a C minus
student in high school and
think that's sufficient.
>>REGINA: C minus
today would have been
an F minus in previous decades.
It's already the bar so low.
>>SHEEHAN: And so
what we've got to do
now is we've got to mobilize.
That's what the New Paradigm
Institute is all about.
And we're going to be doing.
We're doing it right now.
We're organizing people,
I said, in all 435
congressional districts,
all 50 states,
and we're engaged
in a direct outreach
to the extraterrestrial people.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SHEEHAN: This is what the
CE-5 stuff is all about.
This is the direct telepathic
communication with the beings
to communicate with them, to
earn the trust of the people,
to have them vitiate
the contract or whatever
agreements they've got with
this kind of ruling elites.
>>REGINA: Thousands of people
are in contact with them.
>>SHEEHAN: That's right.
That's right.
>>REGINA: This isn't
new or special anymore.
>>SHEEHAN: No, but we've got
to get more and more people
in contact with them, not be
afraid, not be fearful, not
buy into this, oh, they're
a horrible threat to us,
or, oh, you can't get
near their refers,
or you're going to get
cancer or something.
None of that's true.
That is all part of a story
on the part of the governing
elite, the pillars of
power that they present--
that are presently in charge.
We have to evolve
beyond that right now.
And I'm not talking
about spending
another 100 years doing this.
I'm talking about doing this
over the next four years,
that we've got to dig in and
have a process of getting out
the information, establishing
direct contact and communication
with the extraterrestrial
beings and supplant
the ultimate governing
ruling class.
>>REGINA: So, OK, so
just inserting this here,
very simple thought--
up till now, in human
history, we only
change through a few methods.
We have war.
We have plague.
We have environmental
catastrophe,
and we have economic collapse.
Those are the ways we go down.
>>SHEEHAN: And-- yeah, and we
have the rising consciousness.
>>REGINA: That's what
I'm about to say.
>>SHEEHAN: There's a
counter process going on.
>>REGINA: It seems
that fifth way is now
what we have to focus on, is
that people have to become
aware, just, first, become
aware of your world around you
and what's going on.
People like you are educating.
>>SHEEHAN: That's right.
>>REGINA: And our
spiritual alignment
is already starting to shoot
up, at least with a good part
of the population.
>>SHEEHAN: A major acceleration.
>>REGINA: So that
we have a choice.
We don't go on this
wrecking ball of pendulum--
Democrat, Republican,
Democrat, Republican.
It's just going
to-- it's perpetual.
It can't stop, because
it's all out of balance.
But the people themselves
have to make this choice,
like you said.
>>SHEEHAN: The people ourselves.
>>REGINA: The people ourselves--
ourselves--
>>SHEEHAN: That's right.
>>REGINA: --have to
make this decision
to be critically aware
and spiritually aligned
and choose what kind
of future we want.
We've never done that.
>>SHEEHAN: No, no, no.
>>REGINA: At this point in
history, we've never chosen.
>>SHEEHAN: No, no.
And we haven't been-- we haven't
been able to, because the people
were so parochial, and
they only traveled--
Back when the Catholic Church
got set up, 2,000 years ago,
2025 years ago, that 99.9% of
all the people were completely
illiterate, you know?
And they didn't go more than
50 miles away from the place
where they were born.
So they didn't have
any larger perspective.
And so this-- the people that
were better educated or even
more intellectually
developed just asserted
the control over that.
And it became this elite ruling
class that has, in fact--
>>REGINA: Governed monarchies.
>>SHEEHAN: In the form
of the royal families.
And then, it shifted
over to the United States
with the major corporations
and the elite owners
of the corporations and
the rich people, et cetera.
We have to get the information
from the extraterrestrial
people, share it
with the peoples,
or the people are rising
and rising their information
and increasing our
levels of consciousness.
All of these things
are important, OK?
But we've got a very
limited period of time,
because the ruling
elite that are
in charge of the
major corporations
and the wealth of
the planet are so
desperate to maintain
control of it
and not share it
with the people.
That they view the
rising of the people
as a threat, a social democratic
movement on the planet
they view as a threat.
And what they'll do
is they'll threaten
to blow up the whole world,
rather than relinquish power
to us.
>>REGINA: Everyone
watching this can feel
that the restriction of that.
The time has come to end it.
We're all tired of it.
>>SHEEHAN: And we
have to do the work.
>>REGINA: We have
to do the work,
and that means opening up some
of your psychic abilities.
I just want to share
one little thing.
So I went out with Steven
Greer a couple of times,
out in the field for a week
and all that kind of thing,
doing the gazing, checking
in with what was funny,
because my bunny ears were up.
Is that in one of them, I kept
talking about, well, there's
this beautiful semi-transparent
blue elliptical craft sitting
at the edge of a craig,
blah, blah, blah.
We were out in Joshua Tree.
The final day, someone
took a photograph
on digital, which was new and
said, Oh my God, there it is.
The next time we
went out, you know
how we're all looking like
this to the sky for it?
I saw, behind us, all
these little domed craft.
They were watching us, watching
them, totally peacefully.
It was funny.
I mean, they knew, I knew.
I was just laughing.
And I said, well, they're
actually right here.
They're right here
among us, if we want
to dial in and chat with them.
This is not a scary thing.
>>SHEEHAN: But we
have to be able to try
to seal the breach
between, for example,
Steven Greer and Luis Elizondo.
If we continue--
>>REGINA: We can't to do that.
It's just tearing that
whole community apart.
>>SHEEHAN: No.
The fact of the matter is, we
have to be able to do this.
We can't war against ourselves.
>>REGINA: We cannot.
>>SHEEHAN: And Lou and Greer
both come from backgrounds that
make this still possible, that--
>>REGINA: Let me just explain
something to the viewers.
So, Lou Elizondo had clearance
and been inside some of this
and knows what's going
on in the UFO community.
He was the one that
was on Capitol Hill,
giving testimony that
many of our viewers
saw happening in
November of 2024.
>>SHEEHAN: That's right.
>>REGINA: Steven Greer,
we all know Steven.
He's been here on Gaia.
He's been taking people
out in the field.
He was responsible for
the original disclosure
in Washington, DC.
These two--
>>SHEEHAN: And I
was legal counsel.
>>REGINA: And you
were legal counsel.
That's where I met you.
Yes.
>>SHEEHAN: And Steven is saying,
look, invite these beings in.
They're here, that we can
collaborate with them.
And Lou's still giving the
impression, oh, be very afraid.
We don't know what
they're up to.
Not good.
>>SHEEHAN: And Lou and Steven
Greer have, in my opinion--
and I've been legal
counsel to both of them.
>>REGINA: To both of them.
I know, you're everywhere.
>>SHEEHAN: And so, I love them
both, and I know them both.
And we, as people, who are
genuinely interested in getting
the disclosure, have to be able
to overcome these strange things
that happen.
The horizontal
conflicts that we get
into, we've got to show that
we can overcome this, or else,
the ET people are
going to not trust us.
They're going to say the
people haven't evolved
to the level of trusting
them with the information
that they have about
new technologies, about
the relationship of
consciousness to technologies.
They're not going to do that.
So that we have to merit this.
We have to evolve ourselves.
I, not coincidentally, when
I began this entire mission,
this journey was at Jesuit
National Headquarters.
>>REGINA: I remember.
>>SHEEHAN: I was legal counsel
to Jesuit National Headquarters
in their social
ministry program.
This is a social ministry
that we're talking about here.
It's not proselytizing
on behalf of one
particular religious
institution or denomination.
It's a social ministry
to the people.
We have to-- that's what the
New Paradigm Institute is,
it's a social ministry
program of trying
to assist all of
our people together,
mutually, all of us cooperating.
I have a special kind
of responsibility
to try to work both with
Luis Elizondo and with Steven
to maintain--
And I get in some difficulty
with both of them--
>>REGINA: I know.
I hear about it.
>>SHEEHAN: --because
of their desire
to be in this
dialectical relationship
with each other, both of them.
And what I'm saying is that
we have to be able to get--
in my opinion, I
have to do the very
best I can to try
to get each of them
to stop demonizing
the other one.
Because this is the projection
of the ultimate other--
the projection of
the ultimate other.
And this is what we
have to get over,
if we're going to
have a relationship
with the extraterrestrial
civilization.
Because if we come at this
with an intrinsic dialectical
dynamic, it's not going to work.
They're not going
to let us out there.
They're going to say, you
guys are way too primitive.
This us and them
thing, and arming
yourself to beat up and
vanquish the ultimate other.
You can't come out here.
>>REGINA: But I do have to say--
I don't know if
you pay attention
to the bashars and the various
channeled groups and such,
but they all say that time
is very rapidly approaching,
that we will go
into relationship
with the other species.
And you're part of that.
We're the rest of it,
what we decide to do.
>>SHEEHAN: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: So we're out of time.
So how can people
become involved
in New Paradigm Institute?
I know you're doing some
calls to action like,
let's get this together.
>>SHEEHAN: Yes.
>>REGINA: So what can they do?
>>SHEEHAN: They should go
to newparadigminstitute.org.
Very simple.
It's a little hard
to spell paradigm--
P-A-R-A-D-I-G-M.
newparadigminstitute.org,
come to that website.
What we're attempting
to do is to bring
in all of the best effort from
Steven Greer in his work, Luis
Elizondo and all of the allies.
We're trying to bring
everybody together.
We have our own challenges.
There are other
organizations that view
us as competitive with them.
We're trying to overcome that.
We don't want that to happen.
We're trying to be
friends with everyone.
We're trying to get
everybody to cooperate.
newparadigminstitute.org.
And what you're going
to do is come in,
and many people will
want to become part
of citizens for disclosure.
Citizens for
Disclosure is the group
that's going to be organized
in all 435 congressional.
>>REGINA: Now, we brought it
full circle to where we started.
>>SHEEHAN: That's right.
>>REGINA: Which is perfect.
And also, I just want
to say-- and tell me
if I have this right, because
it's been a while since I've
actually said this.
You have your degrees.
You're overeducated, Danny.
OK, as I understand, you
have PhDs primarily in--
isn't it theology, ethics,
constitutional law,
and something else?
>>SHEEHAN: Could I be clear?
Because honesty is
an important part.
>>REGINA: Yes it is.
>>SHEEHAN: I have
my honors graduate
from Harvard College in
American Foreign Policy.
>>REGINA: Yeah, OK.
>>SHEEHAN: So with Henry
Kissinger and others,
all of that group of people
I went on to get my honors.
And from there, I was the
Rhodes Scholar Nominee
from Harvard College.
I ended up going to
Harvard Law School.
I was the co-founder of the
Harvard Civil Rights Law Review
with Mark Green out of New York.
I was in the very first class
with Professor Laurence Tribe.
I, then, went on out
practicing, and I practiced law,
became established
writer/journalists
to protect their
confidential news sources,
represented the New York Times
in the Pentagon Papers case,
and went on to F.
Lee Bailey's office.
We represented James McCord
in the Watergate burglary.
That's how I know about
the assassination.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I mean--
>>SHEEHAN: And then I ended up--
I ended up going back.
Because of the work at the
F. Lee Bailey's office,
I went back to
Harvard University
to do the PhD studies in
comparative social ethics.
And it turns out to be
at the theology school.
>>REGINA: OK, got it.
So that brings it all together.
>>SHEEHAN: I ended up
doing the master's work
and then was rolling it over
into the PhD at that time
and got recruited by the
Jesuits National Headquarters.
And that's how--
>>REGINA: That's
how you started.
>>SHEEHAN: --that's how I
ended up at the Jesuit National
Headquarters and got contacted
when President Carter was
elected, who wanted to
have an investigation
done of the UFO phenomenon.
That's how I started.
>>REGINA: Which we read about.
>>SHEEHAN: That's how
I started this journey,
and that's why it's a
spiritual journey, ultimately.
>>REGINA: Danny, I have to
say, you're unbelievable.
We've closed the circle
for now, and we didn't even
get to some of the
really juicy stuff.
You have to come back.
>>SHEEHAN: I will.
>>REGINA: And you
don't age, I think,
because you're running so
much energy and so much good
intention through
your being, period.
That's all I want to say.
>>SHEEHAN: Thank you.
I plan to stay here
until we get this done.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
And no one has worked
harder than you.
Thank you so much, Danny.
And we'll have you on
again soon, because I want
to get to these other things.
>>SHEEHAN: Thank you.
>>REGINA: To follow the progress
of Danny's work and support it,
you can go to
newparadigminstitute.org.
Meanwhile, you can also
look into the Gaia Archives
to find much more
from Danny, including
my previous conversations
with him on Open Minds.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[THEME MUSIC]